GroupedTableViewStyle
=====================

The `GroupedTableViewStyle` class has a collection of static utility methods
that create views for headers and footers of a `UITableView` with style
`UITableViewStyleGrouped`. The returned views have a style consistent with
headers and footers generated by `tableView:titleForHeaderInSection:` and
`tableView:titleForFooterInSection:`, respectively. The client is then free
to modify these views before displaying them with table sections.

### Creating views for headers

* `heightForHeaderInSection:` returns the height for the header view of the
  given section. This method should be delegated to by
  `tableView:viewForHeaderInSection:`.
* `viewForHeaderInSection:withText` returns a view for the header of the
  given section containing the given text. This method should be delegated
  to by `tableView:viewForHeaderInSection:`. Note that the view returned
  only supports one line of text; ensuring this is the responsibility of the
  client.

### Creating views for footers

* `heightForFooterWithText:isLastSection:` returns the height of the footer
  view containing the given text, which is also dependent on whether the
  section is the last section in the table. This method should be delegated
  to by `tableView:heightForFooterInSection:`.
* `viewForFooterWithText:isLastSection` returns a view for the footer
  containing the given text. This method should be delegated to by
  `tableView:viewForFooterInSection:`.

GroupedTableViewStyleViewController
-----------------------------------

`GroupedTableViewStyleViewController` is a utility program to allow comparing
the appearance of views generated by `GroupedTableViewStyle` headers and footers
generated by `tableView:titleForHeaderInSection:` and
`tableView:titleForFooterInSection:`, respectively. It also demonstrates the
delegation to `GroupedTableViewStyle` discussed above.

At the top of `GroupedTableViewStyleViewController` is a value
`USE_TITLES_NOT_VIEWS`.

* To display the `UITableView` with titles as headers and footers, set the value
  `USE_TITLES_NOT_VIEWS` to `1` (true) and then compile and run the program.
* To display the `UITableView` with views generated by `GroupedTableViewStyle` as
  headers and footers, set the value `USE_TITLES_NOT_VIEWS` to `0` (false) and then
  compile and run the program.
